So guess what I'm gonna do for
you now, give you another thing to do.
So now you try it again, we're gonna
do the same exercise one more time.
So here's your beginning code pen,
here's Mars again, and
we're back to what we had here for
all of our numbers and so forth.
So what I want you to do this
time around is I want you to set
up our layout with grid areas.
So you gonna have five different areas.
You've got this giant picture here, right?
You've got a giant picture here,
this one spanning two rows,
Mars here spans two columns.
We have a couple of
images by themselves and
we have a giant image down here at
the bottom that's spanning two columns.
So you gonna need to come up with your
grid template areas that reflects
the design of this page, type that all out
and then assign those areas to the images.
Great, so how did you do with
the grid template areas challenge?
Hopefully that went okay for you,
let's go through my particular answer.
So here's what I have on the page.
I have here grid template columns.
I have 2fr, 1fr.
It may confuse you that I'm
using grid template columns.
In this case, I'm leaving it here to
make sure that I know that the first
column is It's wider
than the second column.
So I still wanna have that
extra width on my first column.
So I've put that in place.
Then the second thing that I have
here are my grid template areas.
And we have different named spaces.
So this was sol 10,
this happen to be the Martian date,
when this picture was taken was on sol 10.
So I've called this sol10 sol10.
In other words, spanning across two
of those columns with the same name.
Then we have the next row, okay?
So I have Mars, which is,
obviously, that's Mars,
stacked on top of each each other,
so it's gonna occupy two rows,
one column, correct?
And then we have media right and
we have microscope.
So that's what these
pictures are over here.
And then across the bottom,
I have intrepid in intrepid.
So this picture down here will stretch
across the two columns because it has
the same name.
Then what we need to do once we've
established all of these names here in our
grid template areas, is we need to assign
those names to each one of the children.
So where do we want each of
these children to display?
So those names that we created up
here in our grid template areas,
we then assign here in each of our
children using the grid area CSS property.
And the value then are the names
that we gave those areas.
And obviously, like salted and
Mars and intrepid,
those are not values that
are in the CSS specification.
You can call these grid template
areas anything you want.
I called these by the names of
the pictures, you could have called them
Mary Sam and George and they would have
been perfectly happy to work out exactly
the way that this dead provided that
you set it up the same kind of way